Disinfo-Analysis-Crew


A powerful, multi-agent AI system designed to analyze web content for disinformation, bias, and emotional manipulation. This project combines a sophisticated FastAPI backend with a user-friendly Chrome extension to deliver real-time insights directly in your browser.

🌟 Features

Multi-Agent AI Analysis: Utilizes a crew of specialized AI agents (powered by CrewAI) to perform a comprehensive analysis of web page content.

Real-time Insights: Get immediate feedback on the content you're reading without leaving the page.

Browser Integration: A seamless experience through a dedicated Chrome Extension.

CI/CD Pipeline: Automated build, testing, and deployment pipeline using GitHub Actions.

Scalable Backend: Built with FastAPI, ensuring high performance and scalability.

🚀 How It Works

The system is composed of two main components: a Chrome Extension and a FastAPI backend.

Chrome Extension: The user initiates an analysis from the popup. The extension then captures the HTML of the current page.

FastAPI Backend: The HTML is sent to the backend, which parses it to extract the headline and body content.

AI Crew Analysis: The extracted text is then passed to a team of AI agents, each with a specific role:

Headline Analyzer: Checks for clickbait.

Emotional Manipulation Analyst: Detects emotionally charged language.

Bias Detection Analyst: Identifies political bias (Left, Center, Right).

Medical Detector: Scans for common conspiracy theory traits.

Results: The analysis results are streamed back to the Chrome extension and displayed to the user in a clear, easy-to-understand format.

🛠️ Tech Stack

Backend: Python, FastAPI, CrewAI, PyTorch, Transformers

Frontend: HTML, CSS, JavaScript (Chrome Extension)

CI/CD: Docker, GitHub Actions, Google Cloud Run

🏁 Getting Started
Prerequisites

Python 3.9+

Docker

Google Cloud SDK (for deployment)

A .env file with your API keys.

Installation

Clone the repository:

code
Bash
download
content_copy
expand_less

git clone https://github.com/your-username/disinfo-analysis-api.git
cd disinfo-analysis-api

Set up the backend:

Create and activate a virtual environment.

Install dependencies: pip install -r requirements.txt

Run the server: uvicorn main:app --reload

Load the Chrome Extension:

Open Chrome and navigate to chrome://extensions.

Enable "Developer mode".

Click "Load unpacked" and select the extension's directory.

🤝 Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a pull request or open an issue for any bugs, feature requests, or improvements.

📄 License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for details.

Google Search Suggestions
Display of Search Suggestions is required when using Grounding with Google Search. Learn more
good README examples for full-stack AI projects
best practices for writing README files github
README template for FastAPI and Chrome Extension project
how to add badges to README.md